chore(lsd): document fields excluded from custom encryption (#2430)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/encryption.mdx

**Performance consideration:** Per-key encryption means one encryption call per field. If your encryption involves round-trips to an external service (e.g., KMS), this can significantly impact latency. Consider caching data keys locally or using envelope encryption where you encrypt a local data key with KMS and use it for multiple fields.
</Note>

> User-defined fields for access control queries (e.g., `tenant_id`, `owner`) should generally be left **unencrypted** for search and filtering. Additionally, **some system-managed fields will never be encrypted**:

Reviewer: Maybe change access control queries to authorization? The mechanism for auth is generally opaque to the user.
```suggestion
User-defined fields for authorization (e.g., `tenant_id`, `owner`) should generally be left **unencrypted**, as should fields used for search and filtering. Additionally, **some system-managed fields will never be encrypted**:
```

- Resource identifiers (`thread_id`, `run_id`, `assistant_id`, `graph_id`, `checkpoint_id`, `task_id`)
- Most fields beginning with `langgraph_` (except for `langgraph_auth_user`)
- Required checkpoint metadata (`source`, `step`, `parents`, `run_attempt`)
- Internal fields used for scheduling and orchestration (`__after_seconds__`, `__request_start_time_ms__`, most fields beginning with `__pregel`)
- Run-level execution limits (`max_concurrency`, `recursion_limit`) specified in a run's `config`

> - Thread TTL updates (`ttl`) specified in a run's `config.configurable`

Author: thread TTLs aren't encrypted right now, afaik—the `thread_ttl` table schema doesn't allow it
